Patch Pnpm Dockerfile (#1714)
seek-oss/skuba: .changeset/strange-cameras-brake.md

---
'skuba': minor
---

> lint, format, template: Use pinned pnpm version in Dockerfiles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lint, format, template: Use pinned `pnpm` version in Dockerfiles
```

> This fixes commands run within Dockerfiles using the latest pnpm version instead of the pinned version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This fixes an issue where `pnpm` commands in Dockerfiles incorrectly use the latest pnpm version instead of the pinned version.
```
